hello everyone and welcome to this
week's episode of League weekly it is
the first week of September 2017 at
Kelsey there we go she just popped back
in for a second disappeared but we have
now unfortunately we weren't able to do
last week's episode which is too bad
because we all know this is right it's
favorite show especially based off of
the last episode that we did where we
just should talk to write a ton and then
they should talk to us in the comments
in return so it's that kind of like yes
I was gonna say yeah what did we really
expect honestly yeah I mean I don't
blame them I get it I don't yeah that's
true that's true this this show by the
way is the one right after finals but
we've got gauntlet coming up and then
there's other stuff happening in other
regions in the world I don't really know
but let me go ahead and introduce you to
all of our different cast members here
first off in a schoolroom somewhere in
the Midwest where she's now become a
teacher at Kelsey Moser how's it going
Kelsey Kelsey I mean I mean I am in the
Midwest I'm finally in the US so I am
Pro na this episode by our previous
theorem thank God yes and I mean it does
look like a classroom let's be clear
there's like a plant there's those kind
of lines it's great yeah there's like
some family photos and social and minds
or you know zooms in and finds my
location like this next up we got Emily
Rand what's up Emily I'm also in the
u.s. I'm not in LA I'm still in Boston
yeah and I was in Korea before and I
just got over jet lag like this past
weekend so first part was really you
were also the finals with me though I
will admit we didn't see each other too
much I was pretty out of it I like took
the train home every day because I was
just like like going to Korea was
totally fine didn't have jet like the
first after the first like today coming
back was absolutely wrecked me yeah
terrible
that happens sometimes next up we got
mark Zimmerman's straight from Boston
where he was in he got a signature from
Gordon Hayward on the desk it's amazing
I didn't get a signal well there's
photographic evidence of the analysts
getting a signature from Gordon Hayward
so I think we were all signing a fan
sing together okay okay thank you -
Mickey three four three two for
subscribing it's like we're the
pressroom was we were like on the super
upper level but I was right in front of
the caster desk and I kept seeing fans
like shoving posters over the rail yeah
I was a little more hectic between games
and I probably would've liked it to be
but it was also whatever is it's a big
final so it was cool games were decent
in terms of entertainment level I don't
think they were decent in terms of
quality of play though yeah yeah
actually by a certain player I actually
interviewed doublelift last night that
video will be going up either today but
the subreddit was kind of crowded so I
was thinking maybe posting it's brown
but he also great he thought that TSM
played terribly in the finals well I'm
sure we'll talk about that now
before we talk about that we do have
some other regions we're beholdin to
talk about starting off with Korea and
the world teams Emily you want to take
us through that in Korea since we had
the show the first thing was that long
Jew gaming the SK Telecom in the finals
which is was kind of going into it the
more unlikely scenario um so that was a
really interesting final I think they
attacked SKT really well and I also
think s Katie's response was kind of
puzzling especially in the drafting like
in Game two when they decide to try to
meet long do at split-pushing
even though Long's you obviously
had it down better that was kind of
confusing anyway um but yeah so then the
regional gauntlet also happens in since
the last time we talked and the third
and final team the Samsung which kills
me is kt rolster fan so hopefully I
think I got up past 20 people who were
tweeting at me and saying they watched
the finals or the regional qualifier
because I kept typing it up so thank you
so much and I hope you enjoyed it and
hopefully did not become a fan of Katy
for whatever reason because I'm sorry if
I also caused that yep oh I was only
ever a fan of Katy when it was Katy a
with cacao after that I'm not gonna get
into them so thank God yeah Emily are
you time when the Katy fandom was like a
loudest yeah for sure
Emily how said are you um I'm actually
really sad I really wanted score to go
to Worlds I think I was really sad when
he didn't go last year because everyone
kept talking about what a good jungler
peanut was or like how bengi was gonna
come in and save SKT and I was like you
know there's like really good jungler in
curry right now like no-one's talking
about just because as it turns out you
know a lot of people really only tune
into other regions for large
international competitions so sometimes
when really good players don't make it
people don't know of their existence as
much so I was kind of sad because it was
another year even though he went to
Worlds in 2015 um it was another year
that he will not be attending and as
some of you might know he's my favorite
player and I just would like to see him
get more recognition as a jungler yeah
so yeah I was kind of sad about that and
obviously like I mean it's like if you
if you think about I guess the names on
that roster even though like we can
argue a lot about why Katy failed I know
like a lot of people have different
opinions I guess of why
in my opinion a lot of different reasons
but when you're just looking at the
names on paper it's it's pretty sad that
that roster is not going so what's a
funny as I saw going to Jack because
he's putting together another list of
like top 20 players at Worlds or
whatever and then when Katie didn't make
it he is like oh this makes it a lot
more fun because there's gonna be less
Koreans on the list now because before
it was gonna be like all Koreans almost
and then you don't need to throw on Mata
sneb and all those guys so Kiva is all
down there I will write it I think we
were talking about it
incubate in crown are the most likely to
from Samsung okay well crown is but eBay
has been having a great split and no
one's been recognizing him for it and so
I hope like because everyone's talking
about like Khan is amazing and like even
at the TSM press conference everyone's
like Colin Khan like they asked hauntzer
who you wanted to go up against in
saikhan and I'm like but Cuba is just so
I like even though I'm sad about Katie I
hope that Cuba does well cuz it's
cool-kid and it's been playing really
well this past but now one of the things
that was interesting it sounds like you
were saying this Katie his favorite top
waiters are mine Kelsey sorry I'm really
terrible lag I know it's scary increase
the comments of Kelsey interrupts
everyone everyone so European Kelsey is
clearly the most communicative yeah how
rude you are solely based off how good
your internet connection is yes true
story but the point is is that I
actually had the huge problem with the s
case he long do you think was just that
they got welcome opportunity so many
openings
and I was really sad also also the point
I wanted to say was that no one is
recognizing Kiva I think a lot of
European top earners like you they I
think a lot of people go far top to top
favorite top earners are Myron and QA
for example a lot of the EU top when it
just talked about Cuba so don't use that
under the best overall most consistent
performing player on Samsung so I won't
give him that he's doing well I think he
is highly rated by players I think I'd
like to see him go a little bit more
like international fan recognition I
guess because again like talking about
what happens in international
tournaments is that if you get a chance
to go you know you can really like you
know no one really knew about Morin
until 2015 morons so it feels like
there's like one to two Korean players
at every position that like foreign fans
can remember so it's like faker and
other guy and then like top for a while
was you know someday another guy and
they usually remember a couple people at
most and like peanut took score spot and
QA was behind smeb for a while now so
maybe he'll be able to be recognized but
cause frost so can get most the hype
Emily at the very beginning of this you
were saying it sounded as though SKT
didn't look as strong you're saying it
seemed like they weren't playing as well
well I mean they've had issues like SKT
of had a lot of these issues it's just
that so when when they were getting
better right like quote-unquote getting
better after their lost streak they had
games against it whatever eight was one
I believe barbecue oliver's was the
other that I was looking at and I was
like these are bottom two your teams and
yet they're still making a lot of the
same mistakes but they're coming out
with wins they also faced kt and they
beat kt that matchup is curved
apparently four kt rolster but then when
they you know when they swept through
the gauntlet I was thinking okay they
have they still have a lot of the same
issues but they figured out how to play
around them a lot better so my thing
wasn't that SKT like suddenly like
they're performing like
that's not it it's more core it was more
in their response I don't want to blame
everything on drafting because I don't
think it's entirely drafting but that
game to draft was very puzzling to me
not even necessarily because of the
champions choices because it was like I
think what they wanted to do was clear
from that draft but I don't think it fit
what SKT tends to do as a team if that
makes sense and I also think that uh so
like they they substituted blank for
game two and then they put in hooni for
game 3 so it really looked like they
were continuously using like the we're
gonna substitute in the player and
refresh our mind set and hooni ended up
being really good in game 3 primarily
because blank absolutely destroyed cuz
in the in the Zach Auguste matchup so
come see me now us captain made this
tweet like I really hate it when SKT
draft for early game when they're really
big with a game team fighting team and
it's like you know what is really even
better I'll what is when they drop like
all losing lanes and just lose the game
that way like that's even better LS like
I really appreciate that as well I mean
it's like that's kind of what happened
that series I don't really understand
like a lot of good they would get
winning ba matchup sometimes actually
and then the bot lane would still lose
anyway because for some reason because
earlier really really good and they
couldn't play to this advantage and then
they would have more losing matchups
that they would have liked
I don't know it had this really weird
draft in Game three where they had like
the twitch and they had J's versus ya
know the game they won was a hooni gnar
and then but yeah like and then blank
destroy it like absolutely just
decimated alright but I think you guys
are getting a little too wrapped up and
the analysis and the play-by-play and
whatever what I really want to know is
does SKT look more vulnerable this year
than last year and will North America be
able to use that to their advantage I
think the thing about SKT and I actually
wrote an article office is that going to
Worlds they always have a lot of
vulnerabilities kind of I think may be
really obvious vulnerabilities I think
2050 might be the one exception yeah I
was gonna say I feel like at 2015
everybody was like this is just a fun
vacation to the team they're like a
really formulaic style and immutable
points today
it's and then last year like they lost
incentive so if I don't I think it was
to Qt and I like it was really obvious
that they were having problems I think
this time their problems are different
because in the past they've had a lot of
strength in the top lane even if tell
plain was disconnected from the team and
now it feels like they have to rely on
bot lane to an excerpt in this one up
and also because their top lane isn't as
strong and their bot lane is just it has
never been like we might have to have
you go without the sure but at the same
time they always adapt you know yeah
like so that's the thing about SKT is
that you can always kind of identify
that SKT you have some kind of weakness
right but they still are able to change
very rapidly and shore up
and fix a lot of those weaknesses and
none of their wins are super definitive
or they haven't been and maybe you can
even say well that means that I scary -
you're losing their grip there are
losing their hope which makes no sense
because the many changes to the metas
community differend the team is
completely different so it makes zero
sense but I honestly like because not
because they always win though like
which is the reason that most people
hate SKT but because like they're really
difficult to analyze that's the reason I
hate SKT so yeah I think the thing the
trouble in the top lane is the big thing
for me especially with how antara looks
against Khan and it was not pretty and
then they brought hooni in which worked
out well in game 3 because again the
jungle just out for long so you just
absolutely got destroyed but um in game
4 hooni was on cho'gath which is a
signature pick for him like this your
pocket pick he's played since he was on
fnatic but that obviously it takes time
to scale and then you had blank on
maokai which he wasn't going to be able
to help hooni early so then they just
can't stop and it was a train wreck that
game was over at like 15 minutes even
though it lasted for another 10 so I
found this picture of Kelsey to use but
then I didn't like that she was facing
really the other way so I was able to
flip flip it so that just looks like
she's angry at me this entire to get a
show I'm very happy also I don't know
people take random pictures of me there
sometimes
well weirdest right you must be unhappy
with what you're seeing on the screen so
something was happening there that was
upset at you also while we're distracted
you know
I just want to say that Zell went as a
chat Josh Kim and accused Mark Zimmerman
of wearing the same shirt for 48 hours
in a row is this less true mark I'm
trying to think I don't think it's true
you put it on this morning for the
Poynting know yesterday when I went to
the beach okay cuz it's nice you know
it's big v-neck nice tear for that but
we could tell this a v-neck because you
hide so low on your webcam there yeah
thank you no I got back trying to think
when I come back we got back Monday and
I did not wear this on the plane or
anything that's it's a fabrication
completely it's at most 24 hours okay
can you move your webcam so that you're
not hidden I move around a lot Travis
okay zum-zum my head's gonna be off the
top and you're gonna be like can you
bump that up a little bit okay so Kelsey
hates SKT that's the takeaway I think
from the Korean world team's
conversation I guess maybe one question
that we can ask is overall is Korea
going to be as much of a powerhouse this
year at Worlds as they always have been
or is there any evidence to contradict
that I don't think there's a contradict
that okay I was I was concerned last
year because the finals was like decided
off a random baron thing and then you
know the crazy things and the gauntlet
happened and I was like oh my god Korea
looks weak potentially because it didn't
appear to be super high level play but
then they came in and on everybody
again so that kinda is how this this
season feels a little bit to me you know
but it's it's still very much the
dominant region until otherwise like
proven okay well we're wildly behind
schedule so let's move forward
I think Kelsey had a topic which was EU
teams and 2017 LOL and then the second
we'll be able to talk about EU teams to
2018 which is also a low wall but Kelsey
do you want to discuss EU teams in 2017
lol Kelsey I mean I just wanted to
briefly go over yes and
okay go for it go for it yes hi yes I'm
talking about the EU teams because we
had the EU final and I was in Paris I
don't know some people weren't Boston
I'm sure that's also a nice city with
less baguettes and I don't know French
things that I didn't see cuz at the
venue the entire time but the point is
that there was the final between g2 and
misfits and the third-place match
between fnatic and H 2k which I talked a
lot more about on the narrative so I'm
not gonna whatever the point is is that
I was wondering like if people feel like
after rift rivals you teams are still
complete crap and won't do anything at
Worlds you're asking us this question
yes well let me answer you right now yes
they are North America is amazing we got
this rift rivals shows it were the best
na files proved like look how close it
was there was a crazy batch of the
fourth game everything's great he was
gonna suck North America is gonna win
glad you could ask let's move on to EU
format change no Emily or mark you guys
have any thoughts on this I think I
think g2 is fine
in the same way that an a like if TSM
and immortals are fine like you know
they're not gonna smash they might not
even get out of groups necessarily but
that is like not that surprising so like
there's somewhere probably around
getting out of groups and not quite
getting out of groups the other European
teams I feel very sketchy about the same
way I feel pretty sketchy about whoever
comes out of the gauntlet for na so I
think maybe na has two teams closer to
like that level of g2 but I wasn't
particularly impressed by like what I
saw a fanatic I mean I don't think
aren't that good and they're really
formulaic I actually have misfits not
just because they're second seed but
because I think they started to
understand a lot more about jungle play
and how to play with their mid lane and
how to use mid lane and jungle
advantages like in tandem which is
something that you teams as a whole have
really struggled with even g2 to an
extent so I actually feel a lot more
confident in this fits than I do and
whatever team comes out of the garment
so I think that we have like maybe one
point five teens from Europe is kind of
my conservative estimation and the
reason why I can go back and say I have
faith in g2 again it's because I'm this
I like YouTube did pretty well and g2 or
a pretty high level team especially in
the best-of-five stage and when they
came back they took a break and they
were struggling really hard
everyone was like oh no the EU
competition level is just really high
and everything and then it's like no
guys eat not all that you teams only got
really good it's like completely so now
you are on top again at least in terms
of semi-final and final which is the
only games they played in the past and
yeah that's good stuff yeah all right
well I'm sorry Emily did you have any
thoughts that you would want to add to
that no it's pretty similar I'm hoping
that like a the teams that are left I'd
still like to see h2k there in terms of
representation of Europe but I don't
know Kelsey is like a hissing noise so
now she's like now like mystically their
favourite against fnatic and they still
lost the game five Cain thing was a
little weird I was like the dresser okay
like HD case Draft is riskier the fact
that they picked came in game and he
comes in and he like counter jungles one
crux camp and in sand I'm just like this
is good well moving on
EU format change so whoa Travis did you
see my my little thing in Skype the
topic one dad got I can't I can't move I
can't look at this okay I'll just it
says basically the the
Beauregard the unicorns of love manager
as the EU mascot essentially I don't
know what people thought of this because
to me it was super super weird not just
that he was like so can you explain this
I actually didn't see it okay so what
happened was they basically if you guys
don't know who the corns of mascot love
it whatever the yeah yeah yeah he's
a shirtless guy runs around a unicorn
all the time and it's it's kind of funny
for a little bit and then it kind of
gets like alright dude
you attention whore calm down but
whatever it's mostly and good fun but
for finals not only was he doing it for
unicorns love which is usually what he
does he was actually brought on to be
like the EU LCS mascot of the event and
he's also French I was about to say so
makes it makes sense in some regards
where he is French and he was kind of
like the crowd hype up guy which is I
think for the most part fine he's
shirtless he's body painted it's kind of
cool it gets really weird when
mercedes-benz I think it was partnered
with the EU LCS finals my BMW BMW right
so BMW partners and they shot a bunch of
ads and the person that they used in the
ads was Romain the the guy the manager
not a pro player or something like that
there might have been some ones with
pros but I didn't see any the only ones
I saw were with him so what I saw there
airing these ads during it and what are
the what are the ads are really funny
where he's like it's like kind of funny
you know like someone's driving around
some turns in a BMW and he's like oh I'm
crazy or some like that I don't I
don't really know because this was like
as I was prepping for na we would see
the EU broadcast but to me it just seems
really weird that they didn't just use
him as a hype guy which I think was fine
but they like he was the most prominent
single figure outside of like the EU
casting office that was on broadcast
which is really weird to me because we
keep talking about how they need more
personalities and rather than taking
this to like hype up perks who was like
arguably the best player in the region
for years and like make him the star of
the show
they made a manager of a team that
wasn't even at the finals kind of the
star of the show had conversations about
this topic a lot so I have a short rant
basically the first thing to know is
that it was a in French so they wanted
to
is a French person the French people in
the final we're so has some consumer ID
they were both preparing for the games
etc whatever I didn't want to do it and
that's kind of the main issue is that an
EU if you're pro player doesn't want to
do a promotion for a sponsor a lot of
the teams are like okay that's fine
focus on the game which is great for
winning and practicing and everything
but it doesn't work if it's an
entertainment industry and it's another
issue with like getting these players to
come out and be this type of like
entertainment brand this type of
marketing tool for example like Roman
that was an interview wish with shocks
actually for this event where they go
and they do some sort of I'm really
sorry a French sport of like some sort
I'm really really sorry but they play
this game and in the end trucks actually
up front asked him he's like why are you
the one who's doing all this promotion
stuff for your team why are you the one
in the unicorns outfit running around
and doing all these sorts of deals and
he just says the players don't want to
so we're not going to make them but I
mean this is not really how that works
no I mean it's like for the Super Bowl
there's media days and like no one wants
to do them as a pro player but like it's
too bad this is like up aspect
of your job and I get that it's a French
crowd and they wouldn't want to have
some French people and maybe so as in
Han sama don't want to do some of this
stuff but it's just really weird to me
we're like they're not pushing pro
players they're pushing a manager yeah
yeah yeah I think it's really weird but
I mean with sponsorship stuff like
Chinese teams complain all the time
Chinese players are like yeah we
actually have two hours a day blocked
off specifically for sponsorship and
media obligations it's really annoying
but I mean they have to do them
and I don't want it to get to that level
I would like you sports to remain like
some level of competition but I
understand that this notion of mine is
really romantic because at the end of
is an entertainment industry and we're
all here because people want to have a
good time and watch stuff on the screen
so yeah it's like I mean I think another
thing is like so I feel like in past
conversations we focused more on like
the fandom aspect and like viewership
numbers and stuff like that but I think
another weird thing is that in
advertising in general you're not
necessarily so like when you do a
sponsorship thing or whatever like
you're not always advertising to the
fans you're not advertising to get more
fans like you need to do it because it
opens up other sponsorship opportunities
and I think that's another aspect of it
that is really worrying I guess when
players themselves don't do it because
they should or like they usually do in
league of legends have a bigger brands
than like a team itself although I don't
know we can battle that might change
with I think what we're going to talk
about in our next topic and what's
happening with Europe so yeah I do wish
we had more time to talk about that
because I do you think it's really
interesting I mean there's been so much
discussion basically what Kelsey said
about branding for players and that kind
of thing and so putting the spotlight on
non players and especially very
troubling when you have a manager
admitting that he has to do all these
sponsor obligations because his players
don't want to not a very good sign
and I don't think I mean I know that we
should on EU a lot in the show and this
is an example but it's definitely not
just limited to Europe this type of
stuff happens elsewhere I mean I do
think certain teams in North America are
a lot better about it but other teams
and players are not as good in North
America so I don't know that's
disappointing to hear but thanks for
bringing it up mark EU format change so
let's just preface all this I think
Kelsey this is your your topic but
really quickly
oh Emily sorry for those who don't want
to talk about it because I feel like
there are a lot of details that haven't
come out yet that yes completely change
the discussion so I don't really
necessarily want to talk about it right
now but I guess we do have to briefly
address
so that's my preface here we go yeah
that's fine that's fine so so that's
that's exactly what I was about to say
is that in and you can see it and bend
spoons reply so for those of you that
don't know ESPN ran a report about how
you LCS is going to supposedly be split
into four regions those regions being
cities being based out of Paris
Barcelona London and Berlin and been
spooned who is the owner of The Misfits
replied in the comments said while I can
obviously not get into specifics of what
are included in Jacobs articles some
right some wrong lots of critical pieces
not discussed I can emphatically say
that the proposed competitive system for
the right East has its game changer in
shake-up blah blah blah it's basically
supporting it but noting that there's a
lot of information missing and so I I
agree that it is probably not worth
speculating too much on it but I do
think it is interesting we need to
discuss some of the challenges I think
that's fair to say some of the
challenges that might arise from having
four different regions and things that
right has to kind of tackle because
obviously didn't go over well with
majority of the community and I does
feel like it is a strange move to split
up a league that is already struggling
into a lot of different regions and
there is a question in my mind about
whether or not you can really say you
LCS exists anymore after something like
this occurs so Emily I'm sorry this is
your those are all like relevant points
I think the main thing that I wanted to
discuss not like what's gonna happen or
any sort of specifics but I guess like
tied to your point why do we think that
they decided to go in this direction
[Music]
because like regardless of the specifics
it looks like the EU LCS will be split
next year so I guess I yeah I guess I
just wanted to talk about like why we
think that they might have decided to go
in this direction because it reminds me
a lot of
um so obviously the easy right tall
example is GPL but one thing that it
reminded me of actually was a lot of
discussions that we've had about or I
guess Travis and I have primarily had
these discussions about over overwatch
League and their goals in terms of
having like city specific or like you
know country specific teams so that's
what I really wanted to touch upon like
why why do we think or like let's talk
about why we think that they decided to
go in this direction specifically Europe
let's pretend we're riot EU and try and
justify this yeah yeah without getting
into like we're gonna have so many teams
here and like I don't want to talk about
player base or import rules or any
crucian just like the very basics of why
I think they decide I think I mean it's
football yes that's like that's fun oh
that's all it is
it's just football it's not like I think
I don't think the overwatch League
comparison is that because when you're
talking about over a lot watch League
you're talking about a bunch of
different cities within one country
where as in this example you're talking
about different languages different
cultures like this sort of divide I
think the challenge that a lot of teams
face is how do we market our team to
Europe when Europe isn't one culture
isn't one identity isn't one language
and they run into these problems
especially when their players will get
so many more viewers because let's say
like there's so few poll there there are
so few polish star players that Yenko
it's just like instantly cashes in on
the polish audience speaking polish on
history so he's not gonna speak in
english so he's not advertising to this
part of the fanbase already so then the
question becomes like can we target more
specific audiences for our teams can we
make this like one of the examples that
I suggested for teams to if you have a
German based team like market towards a
German about the audience even if
all of your players are German and this
isn't something that is really played up
as a storyline or as a part of the bog
in any way they're already starting to
sort of flat fragment and target these
sorts of audience with promo videos
where I like Sven is speaking Danish
speaking and everything like this but I
think that in general the idea is that
this makes this aspect of the marketing
easier because you have a French team
based in France not everyone is going to
be French on the team but you can still
market to the French audience and get
French sponsors and this could
theoretically help that aspect of your
brand moment of course the other thing
is is that they're trying to attract
football organizations obviously to
invest in their league
so trying to mimic the format of the
league so it looks like the football
Champions League is you know in their
minds probably a one-to-one way to go it
also should in theory right fix some
stability concerns about getting
relegated because now you're just in
your league and if you fail to qualify
for the greater League you're still
relatively better off than in the
challenger series hypothetically I mean
who knows about specifics but in theory
this should add some stability which is
something that a lot of that yiyu orgs
were looking for mm-hmm I mean I still
think it'll be like there was this one
season because Emily brought up qpl but
there was this one season where LMS ran
or no GPL ran alongside the onl and onl
was like all the Taiwanese teams but you
could also participate in the GPL and
there's also the tiny Z Taiwanese
esports league which is really similar
before that so these brands
simultaneously and then teams could
participate in either and it just felt
like really weird cuz you had both of
these big leagues and one was obviously
way more hype because you're
participating with much more competitive
teams and then the other one like kind
of sucks because it's like you and your
friends beating up the three-year-olds
and stealing his lunch money and it's
so it's a it's kind of a weird situation
they I'm very sad because whenever we
talk about eSports business stuff on
here I like to come in and I'm like you
know I can't contribute whenever people
talk about Korea or like you know pick
and ban or whatever but I'm like this is
my chance to show and then Kelsey just
took all the words right out of my mouth
that's all the you know I'm sure I'm
sure all the viewers are like very happy
about this yeah either I mean I think
just to sort of echo what you say it is
look there's a reason why they were able
to get the BMW stuff going in Paris I'm
sure that and they ran French style ads
I'm sure that came from a BMW Paris
budget not like a BMW global budget and
we've said this before but again like a
lot of people that watch the show or
generally just don't think about the
stuff especially one of the reasons why
it's been hard I think for Europe to
compete with North America is that you
have what like the the well now
everybody's VC so doesn't matter as much
but generally speaking you have
sponsorship budgets that are much
smaller because they're all regionalised
into these different countries and stuff
sim place like North America and so I do
think that as the business stuff of this
evolved you know you look at all the
other major regions right now Korea just
create China does China North America
yeah you got Canada but mostly America
and you know Europe which is this you
know now you got brexit by the way it's
getting even more fractured as time goes
on it's it's getting harder and harder I
think for sort of this like loose
conglomeration that's somewhat respected
and recognized by certain countries and
not for others and there's weird visi
issues and all stuff to keep up family
you're gonna say something see if this
helps but I think it's just generally
like short-run hqk I've talked about
losses but presenting this planet
potential sponsors have entailed and
stuff like this so I think short-run it
will make it probably harder to get
sponsors but you'll see this is a short
term hit like you're gonna split up all
your stuff
you're betting on the idea that this
like you are probably looking at the
system right now and saying like okay
we'll probably keep seeing viewership
decreases we'll probably keep seeing
players go to North America etc etc
we're just gonna bleed out this way so
you make this big bet that by doing this
you'll take a hurt next year and 2018
but you're better setting yourself up
for a better 2019 and 2020 and so that
this is how it's gonna go but of course
like it's way too easy to meme about
like hey our won league isn't working
well so let's make four of them or
something
I get why those jokes are hilarious so I
will probably continue to make them but
I do think there's a bigger strategy
here Emily any thoughts you were gonna
add something earlier about was like the
fact that the main concern that I would
have is in terms of marketing yourself
to potential sponsors and how that's
gonna go
especially when like European teams were
already kind of struggling with that and
obviously Kelsey brought up the point
that a little bit like theoretically
should be maybe a bit easier to be able
to market to like a more specific
homogeneous audience um but that I think
that would be like my major concern do
you think we're losing your Kelsey sorry
I'm just gonna start talking over you
bear tank and ferry tank and twitch chat
says why would my sponsors rate and
people bring up this criticism a lot and
there's gonna be no Danish League yeah
and it's it's kind of a dumb criticism
because the Denmark V or base despite
huh see how much Pro players they
contribute is really small so there's
not really like necessarily a point of
marketing to them so it's just like
super awkward that you have all these
Danish Pro players that are just like
hangin out like so I know jack
about European football but don't I
assume that you have
Paris football teams that have players
from other countries on it all Danish
and it's just like yeah we have a
quarter on the Danish market yeah bear
tank and twitch chat says why would any
sponsor pay for the fifth sixth best
team in a country when the viewership is
a fraction of what it is now
first off I don't know if they'll pay
for the fifth or six best team in the
country that's probably a situation
where that team is trying to get better
so that they can make money because
maybe you can get money for the top four
but it is worth noting that like if I me
if I run a parisian company or rather
i'm in charge of the market for france
for the marketing first for a company in
france i can i'm much more willing to
spend that money on a team that lives in
paris and can do activations in Paris or
in France and we'll be able to do that
stuff in France or like they have like a
French viewing base than I am to spend
on some random team that's in Germany or
whatever so like I mean this is only
tangentially relevant but I would like
to bring up the point that success is
not equal to marketing or fan base yeah
so like if you're not thinking about
sponsorships obviously it's a lot better
to be successful it's like easier to
sell yourself if you're successful but
the money of teams that we've seen that
have the marketing thing down and they
haven't been at all successful this year
I'm thinking of Team Liquid specifically
but but like I mean they're a good
example cuz they still I feel like they
still have a really dedicated fan base I
still like they they still know how to
sell themselves but in terms of like
actual in-game success they haven't had
a bit though I mean I guess the best I
just wanted to point out that it's not
always a one to one comparison the the
better example is sealed G back in the
day whenever they were like or is
writing relegation and just let
they're feds down and all that stuff
like that was a team that was failing
and yet at the time they were still the
second most popular team in the league
so even even that gofox and they've
never been good but they have Frogger
and they have Rick Fox they try and
market themselves well you know yep
all right players do sponsorship things
that would be really helpful yeah rookie
didn't make worlds and others Emily and
you want to run us through this really
quickly damn it you guys always mix it
up it's China I know I mean I just read
it off for the top honestly yeah I'm
probably just gonna talk about rookie
the poor on it because the thing is that
everyone is whining all the time when
every time I go to a thread where I t
lose the series it's always like aa good
team
apparently all these fans have bad
internet connection so they're making
these criticisms probably gonna be a lot
as well if you would like Katie with
depth and smothered score and
not make worlds so you'd still be
complaining about rookie not making
world me had rookie would be way
different
can we save rookie we save Kate I'm so
I'm so sick of it I'm really tired of
this story rookie is like the biggest I
don't know he's he's really no I don't
know I can't even believe that rookie is
this happy in China because I feel like
he has to be playing it up to such a
stupidly high extent just because he
knows he has like a really good deal
going and he's like one of the only
Korean streamers that still gets
a lot because Chinese fanbase that he
has and because he's worked so hard to
work the language and everything else
but he's like as soon as they lose this
series he makes a post on Weibo that's
like eg orangey w e jo make it to
Beijing and that's just like yeah that
he's just like oh I don't know like this
guy there was yeah there was another
potion where like it can like as he was
walking offstage and he's like very
visibly upset and crying and then that
was like his moment like he took that
moment to be sad and then apparently
immediately he was like confronting his
young not confronting oh my god
comforting she's completely different
things how comforting his younger
teammates and saying like you know it's
okay like we'll be better next year that
kind of thing like it's alright that we
didn't make it a lot of problems with
idea Ricky based problems as well like
they're super random as a team they're
super no-holds-barred and you have to
think that he's like one of the mentor
figures on the team and this is the way
he's played forever this is the way he's
teaching them to play so I don't know it
just seems like really unfair to just
say - just like dismiss IG and the
accomplishments they made the split
second rookie please go back to Korea
then he can go to Worlds when clearly
that is not the case yeah I think the
thing the main thing that bothers me
about this narrative is the fact that
people think that because where he isn't
in Korea he must be miserable and then
also that that like there's this with
rookies specifically there's this very
interesting romantic attachment that
people have to him where in their eyes
he's always he's still dislike
up-and-coming phenomenal midlaner that
was marketed again like we've had a lot
of them but again he was marketed as
like the next faker or like the player
that could go up against faker and he's
super talented and he's on this super
talented team Katy arrows that manage to
get it together and beat Samsung blue in
the summer final and it was amazing and
you know rookies like only only going up
from here and
he goes to China and people are like oh
it's it's such a shame that he is like
stuck in China's like it's such a shame
that he decided to stay there and it's
like I like if he's like so not only of
ieg just improved as a team in general
but like if if rookie is happy I just
don't like the idea that this community
and the community continuously imposes
this romantic idealized version of him
that is going to like come back and
suddenly enter these like crazy 1v1
jewels with faker and it's gonna be
amazing and like no that's not actually
what would happen anyway he wouldn't be
guaranteed a shot at worlds like we said
because like there's a lot to unpack
actually from the lack of success that
the kt super team had just in general
and like what it means for the strength
of korea and what makes a successful
League of Legends team in general I feel
like there's actually a lot to unpack
there that hasn't been yet but aside
from that I feel like hitting all these
things on one player especially when
you're just basing it on this one split
that he had with KT arrows is is really
said yeah and that's my rant about it
very good well I don't know if I can
call this a sponsor break but I do want
to take a little moment here to promote
something listen Emily Kelsey mark we
travel all over the world all right
we're often sitting in our chairs here
doing these shows we're sitting in
stadiums filled with fans on maybe death
most comfortable stadium seats were on
planes for I don't know sometimes 10 11
hours and wouldn't it be nice if you had
something really comfortable that you're
wearing while you're doing that
congratulations everyone I've got a
great deal for you you check out my
undies dot-com / Travis cafard you get
20% off your first order it helps out
the show well I don't know if it's a
sponsorship but I do have this like and
mark your model like what's going on
here
whoa mark how about all of us unless we
do this yeah where's our cuts of this
really really fashionable and it is so
comfortable I wear this stuff eSports
people wear this stuff every time an
eSports person get some of their stuff
they try it it's great don't know what
planet you're living on where you think
showing people your underwear well we'll
get people to buy things but I mean it's
great good point they're very
fashionable bunch of people having a
party yeah yeah yeah and look again
there's diamonds now I've got diamonds
me and E's are amazing fantastic
comfortable I really like him again I
don't I don't have a job so be a deist
calm / Travis cafard 20% off and maybe
maybe so that money
depending on how many people actually
use the link which you know let's be
honest not very many people watch the
show will make its way into the pockets
of mark Emily and Kelsey but again
highly recommend it it's great if you
want to support us you can do that yeah
there's also yeah you can also go to oh
by the way oh it's not active yet right
twitch is supposed to run this promotion
where you can sub to a channel for the
first time for half off yes started six
days in so it's very confusing yeah
everyone is promoting it yeah well it's
what it was supposed to go live today
but then there was a tweet that said
that it was delayed or something is
still happening so I know but also if
your Amazon Prime or Twitter prime sub
thing reset you can do so on the show or
on this channel anyway back to things as
they were
we've got CLG fan
mess this is my topic I brought it up so
Emily Kelsey mark did you guys see that
CLG announced like a fan fest thing
happening no idea what you're talking
about
okay No so I will link to the tweet and
I don't think it made reddit but they've
been promoting it a little bit where are
we so it's in Thank You free do potato
for the sub so I linked it in the twitch
chat and I well I don't want to link
I'll link it in the Twitter message so
you guys can see it but so they have
announced CLG fan fest which is a hence
happening in New York City at Madison
Square Garden of course this makes sense
because the team just got acquired by
Madison Square Garden and under normal
circumstances I am all about teams
meeting their fans and doing this kind
of cool outreach my issue with it and
I'm ready to be prepared to be told by
you guys that I'm an idiot for thinking
this or it's not that big of a deal or
it shouldn't even be a topic on the show
but nobody's brought this up yet
September 12th is when it's happening so
it's happening in basically a week less
than a week from today and they just
announced it yesterday by the way so
they gave it basically one weeks notice
tickets are free it's just a way for
them to meet their fans but wait a
minute isn't something interesting
happening
don't we have gauntlet this weekend and
if CLG qualifies through that doesn't
that mean they have to go to Worlds and
shouldn't they be spending that time
like going to Korea and bootcamping and
practicing and so they're going to New
York isn't there like a dramatically
better time for them to do this either
after worlds or like during the break
seasons or any of these times probably
like tomorrow or Friday but it includes
an interview with Jack that I had where
he talked about the timeframe if you are
a gauntlet team and it actually makes it
a little a lot more difficult to boot
boot camp in Korea and the China so I
and that was something that they were
still figuring out so I'm not going to
say like you know they they are
gonna go or they're definitely not gonna
go but I'm saying that if they didn't
know exactly like when to the the
timeframe in terms of like if it was
since it's like super short because of
gauntlet I wouldn't be surprised if they
might have had trouble scheduling Korea
and boot camp well it's terrible them
because I don't know how they're gonna
prepare for worlds because well in terms
of practicing at all at least because
TSM has said they're going I assume
immortals is going as well though I
guess I haven't officially the problem
is they're all supposed to plan plan
anyway to get ready for for plan then so
the fact that TSM and immortals are
going I mean they have much more time
because plan starts like in starts the
23rd yeah you're talking about like
going to Korea setting up going to Korea
staying there for like what a week to
two weeks
so I mean you you could win on Sunday
you could fly on the 11th and then I
mean you have to fly across the ocean
anyway so you can't you don't even need
to count that and then if it starts well
the visas have already been started like
scheduling of scrims is gonna be like
it's in my opinion it's a scheduling
thing because you have to apply in
advance to like schedule teams or like
already have a scrim schedule set up if
you don't know you're going that makes
it a lot more difficult this point c9
does this every gauntlet run is they
already buy all their tickets yeah but
this is the first time any plans right
right you knew plans were coming UK like
if if they wanted to fly out Sunday
night if they win they could do that so
you have to Travis this point I
understand what he's saying
part of the issue is that there's like
this also this thing that the Korean
teams are doing this
that some Western teams have been
invited to that I think starts before a
lot of the plan teams can feasibly go
so it might they might just like also
weigh this in and say that okay these
teams are joining this program and then
the Korean teams are going to play in
this programs with the teams in the
program and everyone's playing with the
teams in the program it's kind of hard
to get scrims
unless it's against third sea teams
which we have to play against in the
playing and then it's like so is the
story now is changing from I thought it
was bad whenever I thought they were
just gonna get to first off that I
forgot that plans were so soon like I
knew that they were obviously were
before like or like late September but I
guess the 23rd is even earlier than I
was expecting
on one hand in my mind that makes it
even worse that these guys aren't able
to go to Korea and get adjusted to the
time zone and boot camp and all that
kind of stuff
I if if the narrative is changing to
well they're just not gonna do any scram
or practice beforehand that to me is
dramatically worse and I don't know
maybe maybe that's not they're gonna do
this fan fest thing because they feel
like there's no value in bootcamping or
whatever but that sounds really bad so
just go to China to boot camp to so you
only have to do one journey right but
Emily was saying yeah thing on the 12th
and then like okay or maybe one or two
days late so what does this hurt you
yeah you give them a day or two break
Monday Tuesday they chill they go to New
York and then they fly again I don't
know I like I agree it's not like the
best timing to do it because now they're
flying on the 13th and you've flown them
from LA to New York from New York back
to you're probably gonna have a layover
in LA or San Francisco then you're gonna
go like why why do with this then what
like why not do it why not
here's what I think they could have and
should have done assuming that the venue
is available to them schedule it during
World Finals and say listen we hope we
make it to the finals and if we do
you'll be able to be at CLG Fan Fest
watching our team there
if unfortunately we don't make it watch
the finals with CLG hooray like isn't
that infinitely better or doing it
anytime after like I just don't I don't
see the need for this at this time and
it's just kind of worrying to me because
I must you just acquired them and this
is like the first visible thing that
they're doing is like right after
gauntlet taking them to this event now
maybe seal g1 qualifying it'll be fine
but I don't know it just feels weird
they've just accepted that they're going
to lose I guess I mean to some extent
that does cut like I almost it feels it
you could someone could argue that it
looks that way I'm not saying we vote
can we vote to move on yeah that's fine
because III really don't think this is
that big of a deal it's like a couple
days in efficiency at worst I I don't
think it's right but like okay minor
region team rundown now we get to hear
about minor regions in this dead Park
are you happy no I'm trying to get
through this dude I'm trying to lay
down it's 3:15 you were gonna go talk
another ten minutes about your CLG boner
come on since we last talked what other
teams of qualified from minor regions
including direwolves so Australian
gambit from CIS and team one from Brazil
which is an interesting it they have a
really interesting story so hopefully I
will get to write about them but yeah so
I just wanted to bring out that the
entire plane is filled except for except
for the third seed EU and na teams I'm
really excited about gambit that's
actually really fun it is it only Edward
still or is diamond enough diamond
that's actually sick yeah I think it I
think it'll be cool it'll help give the
plan like a little bit of extra boost in
terms of okay I mean I I personally find
the plan hype already just like the
third see from a bunch of major regions
and then as well as like some
recognizable talent from the playing
stage is just super cool to me sending a
brand new team that's essentially a team
of rookies this should be interesting
all right now we've got Han sir lol
there's so many lol's this week so I
start copying Emily cuz she was above me
as we were filling these out so I just
started adding a lull to the end of
everything
yeah and them isn't even a real topic I
just want to put it down there so people
can see it coming and then when we skip
over it they're gonna be really mad I
mean this is my topic this one's yours
though yeah haunting wall huh uh I just
the entire controversy with Thorin on
Twitter and then hauntzer saying you
know I proved by winning that I'm the
best like I think that that entire thing
is just he kind of fueled his own flame
I guess no pun intended
haha no but just like this idea again
that we've brought up before is it's
like if your team wins that doesn't
prove that you're the best player but a
lot of people have trouble telling the
difference whereas I feel like it's kind
of clear like when you play and you get
destroyed it's a little over a little
unfortunate to say I don't know I feel
like on hunters defense like not someone
someone's you know like oh man you suck
and you're just like well I won so go
yourself because you don't want to
like you use the brainpower to be like
well let me look up all my stats in
comparison to his let's check my
head-to-head with him and formulate a
real argument like you're a pro player
you have better stuff do so if someone
asks you like do you think you're better
than him you're kind of like I got the W
I don't care
so in monsters defense I don't think
he's like passionately defending himself
he's kind of like just trying to move on
from it
sure I mean one thing that happens all
the time and I don't agree with it
because I don't always think that a
winning player means that your best and
I think it's the job of people like us
to point out that when we you know
disagree with that fact but in Korea
for the most famous example that I can
think of is when someone asked gorilla
if wolf was the best support because a
lot of people were saying that you know
girl it was still better supporting
actually yeah and yeah and and gorilla
was like well he won so yes of course
he's the best support and like so if you
ask any sort of any player in Korea at
least that's pretty much what they will
usually say is that they'll be like well
like I just narrowly avoided relegation
so long to you in spring and he won the
final so obviously he's better and well
it's not a one-to-one translation I do
feel like a lot of players themselves
will default to that just because it's
easier yeah I think that's mostly my
take on it to you week
do I think hosters bear in the flame
maybe not
I think flame looked better than him in
some games and the worse than others but
the very least hasta is just like well I
just won and now I got to go boot camp
and I'm gonna go take some time my
girlfriend and all this stuff and I'm
not gonna go formulate an argument
that's gonna sway people's minds if you
don't think I'm the best whatever
yeah I don't know I just find it the
whole thing funny the big I mean
everybody wants to talk about Thoren and
Han sir the bigger question is mark and
bio frost mark did you see in the press
conference that I asked him no I didn't
so the press conference I said bio you
know you played phenomenally in this in
this series especially in the second
half of that fourth game helping your
team come back you have had a heated war
of words with LCS analyst Mark Zimmerman
do you feel as though your play in this
series is finally you know allowed you
know all that stuff to be put down and
bless his heart you only get steams
laughing and bless his heart Vincent
just answers like in a very Vincent
everyone else in the press room didn't
get the joke Emily and Vincent bless his
heart just answers in the most serious
wait you know he's just like well you
know like I think that mark has you know
his he had a lot of concerns about my
ability to play certain champions and
this series I pulled out Alistar and I I
had these different things and at
certain points time my play was not as
good as other it's a great answer you
should go take a look at it so I kind of
agree like it's really cute yeah I'm
surprised nobody brought it up in the in
the press conference reddit thread but
yeah I really want to create like a
compilation video now that's just like
the mark and bio frost both of us like
my argument his argument my argument his
like the moral is no one actually cared
but like they did actually know in the
last and the last weekly episode or
something or no it's the interview
interview so if you don't my trap so you
can just skip flick though let's talk to
us I'm fans because this was just gonna
be a joke topic that I really don't care
about sure but the one point that I do
find very funny in this is just like
there's this there's a couple like I
started seeing the reoccurring names as
I started so Travis keeps bringing this
up and like I talked about it a
month ago and like he keeps bringing it
up and fans keep talking to me about it
it's so funny because like I haven't
talked about it in forever and no one
even remembers my point which was like
he shouldn't be playing Lulu and Nami
which you know surprise surprise he
starts playing recon and Alistar and
looks great but anyways people start
flaming me over and over every time
Travis brought it up people would flame
it I think it's funny I think bio frost
doesn't give a but people start
being like mark just makes up about
TSM for views yeah i was like i think
the most uploaded conversation in the
bio frost interview thread like it was
this huge conversation about like how
mark and then like so many comments and
it's like mark has actually gone on
record saying that this is how he does
it and it feels like it's posted to
start stuff for no reason and other
people are like yeah that's right that's
right
yeah it's like on record I said I will
play that I guess like and are paying
less attention to specific details like
I arguing the me and people who I never
actually did and then people are
attacking me or accusing me of doing
that I never did and it's like it's
kind of a really entertaining situation
when you think about it but it's like
yeah I mean I don't care that much I
it's just really funny that fans like go
back and forth like this about topics
like come from like the fact that you
criticized his champion pool and
suddenly it's like I don't know it's
really interesting that people will just
say the first thing that comes to their
mind and be like yeah this actually
happened and it's the conviction with
what they say yeah it's great I love it
people get stuff wrong usually if I see
it I'll go in and try and correct it
it's just like there's just one guy with
a massive hate boner and like he started
deleting his comments if he gets down
vote but if he keeps trying to like spur
people to hate me it's hilarious I don't
really care it's just like super funny
and I it's it's just with the Thorin
thing I saw them same argument where
like he just hates on TSM fans for money
and it's just it's just comical cuz I
got that argument thrown against me like
a couple of days ago or week ago and
it's like I don't even had a single TSM
video on my on my on my youtube what are
you talking about yeah sure so for drama
yeah I will say that's the only fanbase
I've seen use this argument which is
just like you just talk on us
because we're so cool yeah all
right let's skip back to in a gauntlet
lol mm-hm this is you right mark
yeah so this is just quick thoughts on
two things one who do you think makes
that gauntlet and because I actually
think it's a really close race just
based off what we saw like CLG when
they're playing well decent but they are
probably pretty erratic with just like
how well oh my god
play as well as like will afro
underperform Dignitas seems to be
trending downwards pretty heavily some
grumblings behind the scene not so great
and then c9 we had everything for a long
time and they didn't look good when we
last saw them so I think it's really
close between the gauntlet and then that
kind of because everyone sucks
apparently well everyone has to you have
a reason to doubt every single team is
that's fair it's just so funny like all
right guys you got the gauntlet coming
on who do we have we have this team with
a turtle drama we've got this team who's
hasn't played forever loser sucks we've
got this team this is pretty good yeah
that's actually gonna follow up from
that is how do you guys feel about a
going into Worlds cuz we kind of talked
about Korea and it's a similar question
well so the first thing is we got a
gauntlet right
yeah just who do you thinks gonna get
out quickly I think it comes down to I
feel like it comes down to CLG c9 and
it's super hard I mean CLG looked pretty
on top I guess I would give it a CLG
because I always feel like like I
remember when ever used to get byes and
worlds or whatever and it never seemed
to help actually and so I feel like the
team has been playing a lot recently
even on stage and all that kind of thing
I'm sure c9 has been screaming but I
feel like that team is generally the one
that's going to come in looking stronger
I kind of agree with that I think it's
probably between c9 and CLG
which I haven't seen c9 is so long yeah
which is why it's so sad that CLG Lynn
is gonna off to New York for a fit
now I'm just kidding but yes it's
actually gonna say like I'm giving the
edge to c9 and the only reason is
because I think there are more
consistent team so like where I think
CLG can easily beat them if they're on
Form there's no guarantee that they're
going to be on Form and that worries me
and traditionally I usually go with the
team I find to be more consistent so
be either but that's just why I'd give
the nod to have nine word for you you
know what let's make this interesting
and I will just say Dignitas no I mean I
think dignitas have definite advantages
that they can use in this series if they
display drawings I oh my god seems to
have like a few champions that he plays
well on just period so I don't know I
like the fact that he had this insane
3rd place match series to me doesn't
seem like it's super repeatable so again
there Tara and twitch SS not even
talking about fly lul so it's it is a
fair question it does is there any
chance that fly quest goes to Worlds I I
don't think so I think the gauntlet this
time is like not that easy whereas like
some seasons like a bunch of teams feel
like they're on the downward trend like
a lot of people take the Dignitas path
where it's like but c9 and CLG both feel
like relatively formidable okay I mean
the thing for me is that even so even
before CLG and Dignitas had their
third-place match
it's not like fly quest did well against
these teams during the regular season
and that's also a big issue for me it's
like they haven't necessarily proven
even in the regular season when everyone
was playing each other regularly that
they could beat these teams consistently
so that doesn't make a convincing
argument for them to come into the
gauntlet and suddenly be able to beat
them and it's not like with cloud 9 in
2015 right where they had these like
nail-biter final regular season series
and they looked like you know that it
could actually make it or do something
which no one so predicted them
effectively but they at least like had
tools that they were showing off in the
final weeks of LCS and I feel like
it's not the case with this this blitz
fly question sir yeah so then how do you
guys feel about North America just
generally at Worlds because you heard
Travis talk about doublelift thought the
level of play in the finals was kind of
low I've talked to a couple other people
they all felt the same kind of way so is
this just like hopefully the finals were
just some stage jitters or do you think
like TSM looks worse than they did last
Worlds and immortals doesn't look as
good as c9 and all that stuff I think
yeah good I just it felt like there was
just so much greed in the final you know
I can't it was just
IMT constantly greeting for over
and over again like all the problems
that I criticized I had criticized int
you for in the past when I had our talk
it seemed like they were suddenly back
like Baldwin wasn't communicating with
her sternum a so we're gonna engage her
but it's a yeah so to me like if you you
can't just base it on the final right so
I don't know I think like the top two
teams will be okay but I I need to
review some other stuff before I make a
definitive comment but based on the
final if you're basing it only on the
final which is retarded then yeah it
looks terrible so I think I think the
mortals and TSM should be fine and by
that I mean kind of like how we talked
about g2 where they have a chance to you
know get out and make it two quarters
and stuff I think the thing that's gonna
be really interesting for me and the
thing that makes evaluating this World
Championship a lot different from
previous years is the entire existence
of a play and the fact that the third
seeds have to go to that plan because I
know like TSM against Marines was I know
like myself included I expected TSM to
come in and stop that series in the MSI
fellahin
it was actually really close best of
five so um I think that playing is kind
of like people talk about it as this
huge trap
I think preparing for that large amount
of teams is always remarkably difficult
especially having followed a lot of
these minor regions let's do it for
years so that that'd be like my point
concern is whoever makes it out the
gauntlet they're gonna have a kind of a
tough time in the play and not not even
like and I'm not on whoever
comes out I'm saying that the play in
itself is gonna be really interesting
for me and it is a very difficult thing
to prepare for all right you don't
necessarily have to prepare for all of
the teams either right you can kind of
if you're a third seed you watch like
the ones you know oh my god but what are
we gonna do about this gambit team all
right
by the way it is live to answer the
twitch chat question we are we are alive
I mean I think I guess mark I would say
that it's probably a little too early to
talk about worlds and how we'll look I
think gauntlet gauntlet that's gonna
tell us you know if my quest makes it to
world so we've got a lot of problems so
that's what I'm getting at I'm more
sketched out I think
I'm not too hot on the North American
region yeah I know the finals like it
was thank you the thing is though like I
feel when you're it's really hard we've
talked about this so many times on the
show it's always really hard when you're
comparing levels across different
regions but I think there are flaws and
you know opportunity areas for every
team that I saw this past weekend like
it's not I don't know that's how it
makes me hesitant to be like and it will
have a really tough time because like a
lot of the other teams finals weren't
all that great in a large part of it too
is like
your group draw like you could easily
have a relatively easy group and then
you get to group you know I just want to
say I'm being really wishy-washy now but
once I do do the pod review I want to do
I will make a lot of ridiculous dumb
predictions as usual like every time
every year you can meet me later it'll
be super fun so some smarter thing to do
is rather than give like one prediction
that's old you make like 10 bold
predictions because you're gonna have
the wrong one no matter what anyways but
if you have a right one then that's just
the one you don't like everything was
wrong exactly what you just said we all
agree no no I can be wrong about
everything
just give me a chance like I'll make ten
bold predictions and they'll all be
wrong later all right we are going to be
answering questions in just a moment but
first off we have and then I'll be
relegated to like it means that we are
going to be answering questions in just
a moment but and so I twist chat please
start spamming the with questions but
first we have animated picture of the
week by Emily and Emily I just want to
say flew back from Boston this week and
saw a film inspired by I believe in
anime on the plane
Delta Studios was running it it's called
ghost in the shell and I actually
thought it was quite good really
enjoyable
they had Scarlett Johansson is the main
character and I think you know right I
actually just thought the visuals are
really impressive as someone there's a
lot of people I have not seen that movie
mainly what I did see
so like the Death Note live-action movie
was right he's I have not seen it but
mark you were one of the people that was
watching it on my Twitter timeline
because I
this like stretch of time where I was
traveling for like what 24 hours
straight or something like that but it
only like 12 hours past or whatever
because of the time zone change in any
way every time I looked at my Twitter
timeline there were people complaining
about the Deaf note live actions so that
was the thing that kind of hit this week
that I feel like the hey so only you
long us can comment on its remarkable
quality or quality reaching noises so
yes I mean I'm not as big as an anime
watcher as you but I do watch a fair
amount I really like Death Note the
anime and this movie was a flop on a lot
of levels for me to like like if you've
seen Death Note
if you haven't because when you call
something Death Note and you put the
same carrier and you have some of the
same scenes in action of course I'm
gonna compare it to it so if someone
hasn't seen the anime maybe it's not the
worst like an awful movie I do have some
people tell me that they still thought
it was awful and they hadn't seen it so
who knows but the big problem for me is
you make a movie called Death Note you
keep the same carrier in it it's 30
something episode anime so you're gonna
have to cut a lot of that part's
all fine but if you're gonna keep the
characters in there just try and make
them like they on the anime because what
made that anime is so good well as a
cat-and-mouse game between two super
smart people and it's all about those
two characters for the most part and
they bring those characters in and then
they just butcher them and they are
nothing like what they are in the anime
and so everything that you love about it
is dead and gone and people just act
like idiots so you no longer feel smart
it's terrible what anime the week ended
not recommended for mark my and my pick
of the week is not so coincidentally
something that became
a bit of an animator showcase for
up-and-coming animators but it's also
really interesting show it's called mob
psycho 100 you can watch it on
crunchyroll
it's about Marquez like pumping his fist
marching but like like I started off
watching this and and one of the lead
characters he actually ended up being my
favorite but he's like super obnoxious
at first and it's basically about these
two guys that have like a I don't even
know how to describe it they basically
deal with like the supernatural and one
of them's a conman and it's they have
kind of a mentor student relationship I
guess but then it also goes into their
lives on a psychological level one's
really interesting so it's a comedy
though it's like yeah the guy who made
one punch man so if you've seen yeah if
you've seen that it's it's similar in
style yeah nice alright well that's the
only way pick of the week this someday
maybe someone will sponsor that segment
of the show by me undies yeah me and DS
Tom sighs Travis gaffers Travis CARICOM
slash support instagram.com such as
Travis all right questions there was a
pretty good one up here that I wanted to
ask but then like there was some lag and
the twitch chat went crazy lucid says is
Emily married Kappa Emily's private life
is private she's not gonna answer that
question all right
where is it hang out we're all hold on
we're all holding on all right well I
can't find the person I'll I'll try to
find their name but they were asking
about the inven article that went up
super high on the subreddit about how
korean fans are pissed off at TSM and if
that's a real thing and whatever I was
curious if you had any insight into that
Emily or if that was like the first
thing that you had you
from it I mean that was the first thing
I saw from it I am NOT surprised that
it's a thing because I mean I follow
from from kind of a distance kpop and
the methods and comments for that are
very interesting so I mean I'm not I
guess I'm not surprised that it's a
thing and I think people so like what
happened last year is out of TSM's
control as far as I know aside from the
comments that Weldon made so I think
that it's right for teams and fans to be
that at some of those comments but I
think it's but from from what I
understand the scrim leaks were not
necessarily their fault and it gets the
scrim leaks yeah I think they're more
mad about the comments which is like
it's that's so that's fair
attacking TSM it's maybe not the best
way to go about it considering that
Weldon is now with g2 so if your madness
oh let the person who made those
comments
I guess maybe they're like targeting the
wrong thing but I mean like the fact the
fact that this is even a thing doesn't
surprise me just from what I know of
internet culture in Korea so yeah raven
costs asks for everyone is meeting fans
and people and public awkward for you
know
so now it's just like hey guys yeah
let's take a picture I don't care it's
never occurred the only thing is I am
NOT a super solo person so like if I see
you looking at me and I look at you and
like we like this I kind of like I know
You Know Who I am moment I'm not gonna
go over to you and be like hey come on
down guy let me grab that picture if you
come up to me I'll be like hey it's also
very presumptuous to be like oh I saw
you looking at me you must know who I am
from the internet no I know exactly what
you're talking about where you just
awkward like I connection thing and
there's a moment of recognition where
they're either trying to play see you or
like like the most common thing is eye
recognition and then immediately turn to
the person on their right and be like
they see you their eyes kind of go wide
and they do like a take back if they
have a friend they'll be like gesturing
to you and it's like yes or the I will
say the moments that are awkward have
you ever had this where people will be
want and will be standing like two feet
away from you and be like is that Travis
or like dude I think that's Travis or
whatever and you're like uh I can hear
you where me healthy skaara Jeremy we're
walking back and and someone just
pointed at SCARA and they were like is
that scar just walking down the street
like didn't actually go really he was
like hey like walking like really uh
yeah that's that's a good way to fit is
this only awkward when they make it
awkward yeah if you just come up and
you're like hey I'm a fan can you sign
this or can we take a picture
never awkward yeah my favorite an
awkward fan moment was in Shanghai when
I was helping Travis cafard buy a
sandwich and this girl walks up to us
and he's like oh hey did you want a
picture
she's like wait when was this I don't
remember it oh yeah look Kelsey is when
she recognized you but she don't care
about me yeah yeah
my favorite story actually just happened
weekend where a freak was doing like
some an interaction stuff because they
had like a fan interaction thing before
the matches started or something and he
was out there and someone asked him you
know is it ever awkward like when people
come up to you and stuff like that and
freak says the only part that's awkward
is when the fan doesn't leave you alone
because they don't get the hint yeah
it's times like move on and the fan kind
of like looks at freak for a moment then
goes why die it's like oh god just
with you but it was just such a
good like way to make that moment as
awkward as possible like I gotta
remember to use that yeah I yeah so some
way fair fan moment like if you ever see
I think most people in you sports for
this way if you see them out in the wild
like it's actually really nice I think
for them to see like he can be
exhausting when you're an event and like
people keep coming up with you
especially when you need to get work
done
but when I'm just out and about like I
was actually visiting a friend in Sweden
a couple years ago and in a shoe store
and somebody walks up to me and I was
like hair you Travis Lee that's a really
cool moment so my favorite moments by
the way when they get recognized on a
date that's the best oh my god you
oh yeah someone did recognize me
in front of someone attractive ly
impressed perfect yes yeah that's the
perfect time it's perfect though a
really awkward one was I was shoe
shopping
and there were a bunch of kids shoe
shopping as well and I think I was with
like Cokie and a couple other people and
they recognized all of us and there's
like this moment where it's like oh hey
yeah nice to meet you guys talk for a
minute and then like we're still all
shoe shopping Oh
it's like still or like not hovering
yeah shoe shopping but they keep looking
but we're also shoe shopping it was just
so awkward because like of course
they're gonna keep looking at it oh yeah
the worse by the way is just
people see me and they'll be like
where's doublelift hey Travis nice to
see you
where's doublelift and it'll be like
double it'll be on stage Thanks
he's over there or like he'll be in and
bootcamping or whatever and people just
expect me I'll be somewhere else in the
world and Iowa all right mean Dube
actually yeah you know I know if you
watch the video you'll see what he's
betrayed me all right we probably have
time for one or two more questions
you'll know the doublelift
actively betrayed you know truth lol
says who is Marc's favorite caster for
the NA LCS in terms of how much I like
their casting or how much I like the
purse you can pick either one in terms
of the person I liked probably the most
just like talking to is probably a Zeile
Isaac just he's really funny is like all
of them are really cool by the way like
I played D&D for like a while in the
airport with like Kobe and freek and
like a bunch of people it's super fun
they're all really cool but I just I
don't know I just like talking to his
ale a lot yeah one trying to find any
other question XO no key says will the
show ever have a pro player guests like
sotl days get someone who didn't make
worlds
that's possibility I think it is easier
to do that on a show where one of us has
to sub out but I don't know maybe in the
future it's it's definitely really hard
to do during the split or during a
season but well see I guess take my
place no does it still count as me being
on the show for like food credit and
snow when we try and use our stamps at
the Travis gaffers food collection no
okay no it does not
that's the show Emily do you want to say
anything about what's going on in your
world as a closeout hear shout out
anything I'm working on or whatever
I'm an skp SKT piece coming out but I
like a lot that's a feature from when I
was at the lck finals I mentioned the c9
piece but coming out just a bunch of
other stuff mark how about you uh I'm
still kind of busy just because gauntlet
kicks off in two days so got that coming
up I'll try and get a video out see I I
want to do this one video uh and is like
not even about me at all but I just want
to do it cuz I saw him with - and it's
funny and then I also want to put out a
piece of car but I don't know if I have
time to do that cuz I'm also doing
offline TV stuff so we'll see follow my
Twitter any updates will always go there
so follow at the Mark C on the right of
me right here if I can you know right
wrong way raise your hands up
that's too low there you go this my
hands disappearing into the light yeah
well whatever okay Kelsey is your
internet working do you want to give a
shout-out yeah I mean I'm just gonna
I've done a lot of you stuff I didn't
take all a preview I'm going to be doing
updates for everyday like doing an
article for every day of the gauntlet
about the team that gets knocked out
because I think that's fun and yeah I
also China stuff like people are
actually letting me write a China stuff
this week I always send like these
pitches as hopefully to places that I
write for like I would like to write
this about you you or lck or maybe na
and then like I Oh
fully throw this LPL witch in there like
please pick me please and then they
never do they're like I'll take
everything except that one Kelsey's all
of our voices on this episode if you
can't see me obviously because since
most people come to the show for my
beautiful face yes very good all right
you I'll stick around on stream for a
little bit longer so don't don't bail
out yet but I want to give a shout out I
know
technically they're not doing the show
but thank you to mobile it expire who
sent me to Boston and paid for my travel
and also for Brodin for those of you
guys that have seen him pop up in my
content his day brightness Bay so he
actually got to make money this this
trip that was very nice of of them so
thinking ruble X you can check them out
at mobile it extravagance Khafre comps
that support because I don't make any
money from ads because everyone runs
that plug but that's about it
I have an interview with double if
coming out probably tomorrow I'll
probably push it tomorrow I did it
yesterday and he talks about winning and
what's next for them and they're all
that good stuff so I stick around for
the after show and thanks for watching